# Contributing

Thanks for considering contributing to Fluentflame Reader. We hope you enjoy this project as much as we do.

We want to have a clear and safe space where anyone can contribute as much as they can, so we have established a series of basic guidelines to be followed by anyone who wants to be part of this project and our community.

## General contributions guidelines

- Please try to be as descriptive as possible about what you want to do so that other members of the community can understand it.

- The language used in the code is English, so we would appreciate it if your comments in your code contributions were written in that language. This obviously does not apply to translations; we want our software to be available in as many languages as possible.

- Comment your intentions to work on an issue if it does not have anyone assigned to it or if the assigned person has not made significant progress. The first person will have priority, as long as they keep working on it, otherwise anyone is free to take on that task

- Please check if there are already issues or PRs on the subject, so you can see where the community stands on the matter and get some basic context and feedback on what needs to be done. However, if what you want to contribute is completely new and has not been discussed before, then go ahead and submit a PR, which will be reviewed later. Before proceeding, if you want to contribute a new feature, it might be a good idea to create an issue to get context and opinions from the community. This is not mandatory, but it is recommended.

- If someone has created a PR related to what you want to do, we recommend that you try to contact the person who made the original PR to avoid fragmentation and work together on a single PR. This only applies if the PR is recent. If it is a closed PR or has been inactive for several months with no sign of life, then this does not apply.

- If there are issues related to the changes you want to implement (for example: you want to fix a bug and there is an issue about it), we would appreciate it if you could refer to the issue in question in the PR notes.

- Contributions will be reviewed and community members will decide whether or not to approve them. We want to promote a space where all major changes must be discussed; nothing is unilateral.

- The contribution format should be the classic format of making your fork and submitting a PR to our main branch. However, try to keep your contribution branch clean and only include what you want to contribute. It's a good idea not to use your main branch and to create a specific branch for your PR.

- Keep your PR on topic. While we appreciate your enthusiasm for contributing, it will be easier for everyone if your PR is organized, clear, and does not contain lots of major changes in a single PR. If you have another idea or want to resolve another issue, please do so in another PR.

### AI stance

Currently, the use of LLM tools has caused a flood of poor-quality code in the open source community. For this reason, in our project we want to take a clear and firm stance on this issue: we do not accept contributions generated by AI. We only accept human contributions; any attempt to contribute code that is highly generated by AI without any meaning or minimum quality will simply be rejected.
